Let's see dasas just uploaded the video
obviously we're not going to see the whole thing
okay but we're going to see some
pieces eh vlo you guys Hey,
the swelling is going away, Dallas's swelling is going down
eh You'll see how in a
year it looks really cool let's see the
whole video obviously You're going to see it there
Ok I'll watch it privately off
Stream too But now I would really like to see
a little bit not just the one from Dallas itself I
think Dallas was traveling that's why it's
taking a little while I'm
reading that you're telling me like what
Teodoro says Javi you've fought with
everyone just for criticizing Dallas you
don't have any friends left on YouTube it's
embarrassing Javi Teodoro the one who is
embarrassing that he doesn't have friends on
YouTube But what kind of hter are you
Javi do you want to see gas Or dicks
eh natural gas let's see Teodoro my friend
I have friends in real life
handsome what I have here are people who
work inside the computer Okay friend
connect with life go  to the street XD I have
n't called him like hter because he's
made me look like a mouse locked in a
cage, I mean, he thinks I am, but apart from that, it's how is
what he said last that
made me laugh a lot, the last thing, the
last sentence is not embarrassing because it is
embarrassing, I mean, how many people are there who do
n't have to, don't get along with anyone, I mean,
why do I have to get along with anyone on
YouTube? Come on, I get along with many, but
in a
natural and cordial way, some, some
are friends, okay? But who do I have to get along with
if I'm here
working, embarrassing colleague Javi Okay, that's it
Teodoro Well, if you're
embarrassed, you know where to go, listen to me,
leave it, it's going to be a kid Let's see, let's see
Dallas's opinion and above all and
above all because lady G sent him
some messages, I have to give you an
exclusive. Now I'm going to see this piece. I'm going to
see some pieces. What about Jerry, I'll
leave it for the news, I'm not going to watch it
now. Okay, I'm going to see this and I'm leaving now, I'll
give you the exclusive and I'm leaving now, okay, I
have to give you two  exclusives that I'm going to
give her in an excerpt okay but
definitely rejecting it will surely take it
away from you because you have something to
hide When this situation occurred I
published a tweet which is this one here Ah
okay just defined what a
debate is accept it or not here on YouTube
I understand and that basically I commented that
this was the definitive end of this
lady well dam G had me
blocked right before I published
this she had me I feel like three kicks
in the stomach the lady I'm seeing there
the face and the look with the smile
that she's looking at Dallas and I hate her I
hate her do you remember the debate I mean do you
remember when oh I want to see
something else on Plex don't forget to
remind myself do you remember in the debate
because of the face pedophile pedophile dude is a
terrible person eh terrible person
blocked on Twitter and I know because I went to
look at his profile I don't know what screenshot of
this he's nervous he's
nervous but believe me he really had me
100% blocked in fact the
private messages that she sent me on Twitter
that I hadn't been able to see until now and what
she did was respond to me trying to
do damage control saying I have
reported that girl the evidence I have
of her abuse is huge spoiler
her evidence has absolutely nothing
to do with anything what she's basically saying is that
the girl is very toxic that she
's very bad that she has insulted her that she
has said very ugly things to her that the one you
will be it could be Yes yes yes the girl You could
see that you that she was She had a
bit of an attitude let's go she herself admitted it to us
here when we interviewed her But that doesn't
take away what what
she wants me to take away or
look at what she's doing with her
nerves she commented on my video of the
interview with the girl eh she unblocked
Dalas He wrote to her He wrote to her by md
tired blah blah Yes very nice but
one thing doesn't take away the fact that she wants to report
herself before the other one to report
her when the other one has said that she's not
going to report her because these are things that can't be
proven the other thing if I walk down
the street and someone starts to I don't know
insult me ​​and then I go and give them a
punch in the face both actions are
true not because that person
previously insulted me it turns out that I'm the
truth a punch that is a lie
magically and it is basically what it does to
divert attention to basically
throw dirt on their reputation and
pretend that for that reason So he is
innocent it is Dallas cried at the end of that
debate from the frustration that
that chick put him through dasas exploded really hard that
was not a debate that I later
got on with him to cheer him up a
little eh There was a controversy that came out I don't know
if you have seen it that gossip
youtuber said that it was you who
had asked nimu for a kiss or something like that
aimo Ah Oh that's true What happened there I
encourage that I think he would have asked her for a
kiss once
[Laughs]
you heard it my
father is welcome It's not that that silence of
two or three seconds, well, if he had
said that we would not have told him that he
was lying stupid This is the
practice that he had been doing for a long time
really vomitous damage thanks to the fact that you
also unblocked me I was able to enter
his profile and see what  I had been sending it to you
for all these years and I hadn't
even seen it I want you all to see
that this is strong eh in 2019 here was
the beginning of its end saying enter the
transmission with great pleasure how do we
do it I never responded to this on
September 21 he told me Dallas I know that you and
I had a problem a problem from
21 I said the problem is yours mentally I did
n't have any problem with you but it
's not true that I said that to that girl I
mean this was another controversy in which
before Dalas was
making a video I know that you and I had
a problem he says man let's see you started
yelling pedophile at me on a video call
You'll tell me no but I mean before
you gave the funeral he runs to put the
bandage on before the wound you how
pathetic it is it could be many I really
dislike damage too eh today I am today
I am very negative with people on the
internet I really dislike damage how do
you all dislike me things
but I wasn't transphobic with her
herself her story which is that it just
came to me  mind the video call
that eh how disgusting God the [ __ ]
video call eh how unpleasant nobody
knew I was trans more than her and my ex
didn't know I was trans In fact I didn't
argue with her anyway pathetic never
decided on this issue but
noted that in September 2021 she is
trying to contact me to try
again to do damage control with me and
precisely when I posted this tweet she
unblocked me then I was able to see the entire
previous one and when she unblocked me she
wrote the following Dallas I have
a lot of evidence that she is my
abuser Yeah sure Go tell them someone
else's story you really
teach them to play the
abused feminist card here after they have
accused you with plenty of reasons to
accuse you after you
publicly said I prefer to believe A
possible victim than a possible abuser I
prefer to defend a possible victim
than a possible visa and now
you pretend to accuse her of her AB
use you cu You have no reason
to say that Really pitiful look look I know we do
n't have a good track record Look pay
attention to this Look  I
'm reporting her and I'm going to win because I have
over 100 GB of evidence of some
pretty brutal violence, of course 100 gigabytes.
That means the evidence is very
strong, of course. Let's see, you can
put The Lion King in HD on the hard drive,
okay? If you want, you can put it in
Blu-ray quality and it weighs even more. Let's
see, let's see. This is literally
the one with the mortgages reporting the
delox and the 8 GB that it never showed. I mean,
what the [ __ ] 100 GB put it on my screen
put it on my screen here on Stream in the
lowest quality so it weighs less,
really, what a [ __ ] joke, eh, what a [ __ ] joke,
one interaction and it was the end
of your career. What a history, how do you
V? Call history something, anyway,
but I can really prove that the
girl is extremely violent.
I'm reporting her and I'm going to win because I
have over 100 GB of evidence of some
pretty brutal violence. I'm
reporting her and I'm going to win what I have
for my personal safety. Damag. Let me
explain something to you, okay, you have
100 GB of  tests does not mean that you
have many it means that your
compression is pitiful learn to print
the videos and photos and maybe
these 10 GB become 100 GB but
100 GB It is an outrage eh I mean 100 GB
saving screenshots and such is
100 GB It is a very beast not 100 GB
but that one has put there 100%
GTA 6 or rather there is no more eh 100 gigas has
gone a bit eh 500 megabytes really
pedic anyway as you can see this well he
never gets to answer but I did
answer him it was on Instagram and this was the
conversation we had through
Instagram where I tried to see if he
really I Show me those tests that he
already said so much that Oh I can prove to you I do
n't know what s How many That obviously has not
proven absolutely anything here I do
n't know why There is a big space But
this is the beginning of the conversation on
March 13, 2019 when he mentioned the
stories basically insulting me that you
have seen  and here she writes me saying
e Dallas I know we don't have a good
history but that girl is my
abuser I literally have over
100 GB of evidence again, full of
GB when it
literally proves nothing and I say hi how
are you and she says hello fine and you eh By the
way this is quite curious that you
see it I never followed up with a single
message but since she was dedicated to
saying publicly I sent her photos
of me you wish I had
at least sent you Oh okay this is
Twitter not this Twitter I understand not a
good morning princess you would like it
my goodness the Clown I told her okay okay
Right now on a trip but I'll be back
soon your ex-friend as you already know
offered me that she is willing to do a
face to face with me as a moderator I
recommend that you accept or you'll look like
a liar And it seems like you have something to
hide So if you want to deny
something now is your chance Yes yes the
girl told it here as fixed the
answer she gives is the
stupidest thing right parci talking to a
politician is totally ridiculous and she
tells me I have a criminal complaint All that's
left to say  Fal complaint against her For
4 months now for severe harassment
doxing threats defamation and damage to
morals well apparently girl yes it is
true that he has said many insults to
her and that on some occasions he has also
threatened in a certain way but again
one thing does not take away the other and it is
totally irrelevant let's see how you
understand it irrelevant like no it is not no let's
see irrelevant or rather in the sense that it does
not take away from what the
other is accusing her of okay or rather
the story of the two of them as such is relevant no Hey
look at this one another did to me and then the
behavior of this one Well
your career has also gotten a little out of hand
I am seeking a restraining order
and that he cannot look for me look like
Ricky Eddie like Ricky Eddie anymore or
anyone I know for M he is
seeking a restraining order it is a
circus for me it is my personal safety and the
most pertinent thing is that it is
resolved legally first and I tell him that is not going to
happen and that complaint is not going to go
anywhere the pertinent thing is that you
confront him face to face with a
moderator in  this case and that everyone
exposes their points if you reject it they will
see it as if you are hiding things and
that you are afraid and evidently And it is like that it is like that
but if you only have to
see the behavior no aar you can see
that it is direct and without fear in your hand
is you end up exulting your
public image if you reject this debate spoiler
did it and You are going to see the excuses because it
is really disgustingly pathetic, really kind of
embarrassing to read it again
by the way this garbage of excuses
reminds me of the same garbage that the
rook made I don't
know Of course it is literal it is
literal literal issimo do you remember that the
clown started to say Oh I can't do it I have to
tell you an exclusive in
a few minutes okay as soon as I finish
watching this video you were saying because I
put on a voice of distancing yes
what a clown really the classic of
the cowards Yogi responds to the
complaint against her it is becoming
collaborative But what are you saying what do you think
a complaint is a YouTube channel you
really have no idea what you are
saying a criminal complaint for a case
of harassment I don't know  can magically become collaborative, it
's just nonsense, I doubt she
even filed a complaint at
all, this has been seen many
movies and now this is a
collaborative movie. A lot of her
victims appeared, [ __ ] clown of the balls
eh, I mean, but [ __ ] clown of the
balls a collaborative complaint. Yeah,
man, a crowdfunding, there you have to
be a clown, eh. You have to be a clown. You have to
be a
clown with YouTube, eh. The mother who
gave birth to me, lady town.
[Music]
Total